{
"players":[],
"playing": false,
"descriptions":{
	"lobby": "The lobby is filled with all sorts of turtle-related merchandise. Statues of varying sizes, plushies, portraits, anything you can imagine.",
	"throne-room": "Colourful light enters through the stained-glass windows and illuminates this bleak, rundown room. An altar sits at the bottom of a set of stairs leading up to the throne that dominates the room. Atop the throne sits the withered husk of Andrew Hussie, artificially kept alive by consuming the souls of a thousand Homestuck fans every day.",
	"arena": "An empty collosseum-style room, that beckons you to test your mettle against your fellow players.",
	"laboratory": "Lining the walls of the lab are cabinets full of science equipment. One of the cabinets in a corner is locked. On a table in the center there is a strange setup involving a pentagon with five sockets illuminated in the colours red, green, white, blue and black respectively.",
	"weeb-corner": "A room full of anime merchandise. In the corner sits a filthy anime fan watching EVA for the 57th time. This room makes you sick.",
	"disco": "Strobe lights illuminate the dance floor while dubstep blasts from the speakers. It's extremely loud. In the center of the dancefloor stands a hulking space marine, perfectly still, as though he were a statue.",
	"arcade": "This dark room, decorated with neon lights, is full of arcade machines boasting all the hottest new games from 30 years ago.",
	"casino": "A classy casino for savvy players to win big and for suckers to lose everything. You can play a dice game and exchange coins for prizes.",
	"graveyard": "The thick fog covering the floor gives this room an ethereal atmosphere. There are turtle skeletons of various sizes littered throughout the room, all of which are dwarfed by a single giant turtle skull. In front of the skull there is a plaque, which reads: 'Pray for the dead.'",

	"knife": "A simple knife. Good for stabbing and cutting. Level 1 Weapon.",
	"sword-scissor": "Don't lose your way! Level 2 Weapon.",
	"zillyhoo": "There she is. Forged in fire by the smiths of Pipplemop, commissioned by the sage Lord of the Wozzinjay Fiefdom in the Realm of the Snargly Fruzmigbubbins, The Warhammer Of Zillyhoo. Level 2 Weapon.",
	"chainsword": "A vicious weapon from a grimdark universe. Level 2 Weapon.",
	"money-machete": "A blade forged from hardened dollar bills. Level 2 Weapon.",
	"syringe": "Filled with a knockout drug, that lasts for two minutes.",
	"bolt-pistol": "Side-arm wielded by the Emperor's faithful servants. Very loud when fired. Level 3 Weapon.",
	"cash-cannon": "Shoots coins rather than bullets. Very loud when fired. Level 3 Weapon.",
	"death-note": "Can kill any player from anywhere as long as you know their true name. If only you had something to write with...",
	"fluorite-octet": "A legendary set of 8 8-sided dice. Power level equal to the number of 8s you roll.",

	"codex-astartes": "An invaluable strategic asset in any large-scale conflict.",
	"nendoroid": "A cute little figure of your favorite anime character.",
	"sburb-beta": "Beta version of the revolutionary, immersive upcoming video game SBURB.",
	"key": "An ordinary key.",
	"dnd-dice": "Contains all the dice you need for a session of DnD.",
	"pokeball": "Gotta catch 'em all!",
	"cheatcode": "Rumored to unlock exclusive new content.",
	"badge": "Red fire badge, symbolizing the heat of the battle you had to brave to obtain it.",
	"sburb-pin": "Desirable merchandise depicting a green house.",
	"pearl": "Its shiny, white glow gives you hope.",
	"miniature": "A little Ultramarine, painted in the chapter-typical blue.",
	"crystal": "Pure despair manifested into an obsidian black crystal. It makes you uneasy."
	}
}